Didn't you ask me to accompany you?
How to break this.
This Chen Xi, it was Chen Xita who begged me to come over.
Their love, although the highest I can say,
Don't sleep with the king and ask me to give him a piece of it for you.
If I don't give it to him, he will break out and wallow,
I still want to go to Pengmag.
The world is simply not like this.
You came here uninvited, but you still used the king's crystal to cultivate yourself like me.
It’s not fake, you really are.
That's enough, you really made the right money,
I can do anything.
We are different. You don't believe me in any relationship. OK OK.
What is it about you that makes me appreciate you? Be careful, Dad.
My crystal belt is in these two halves.
So my first-order sub-energy is 10,000 crystal belts
So there is another person who can recognize me
Zhongnan Crystal Belt, who can save you, sir?